- modified readme (#33)
project-leek/project-leek: README.md

See [Roadmap](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/projects/1)

> ## How to contribute
> 
> just follow these steps:
> 1:	check for open code-reviews and do them if available
> 2: 	choose an open issues
> 3:	assign yourself
> 4: 	create a local branch with name: issue-number (without hash) + "-" + issue-title (e.g. 8-setup-mono-repo)
> 5: 	codecodecode
> 6: 	commit + push
> 7: 	in pull-requests: create pull-request for current changes (from your branch to master) (there should be a button)
> 8: 	wait for at least 2 other contributers to review your code and for the automated pipeline to finish
> 9: 	merge your pull-request
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to contribute 

### For externals

TBD 🤔 

### For official team members

Always check for open [code-reviews](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+type%3Apr+review%3Arequired) and do them if available before you start with a new issue.

#### How to start with a new issue

1. choose an open issues from the [project boards Todo column](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/projects/1)
1. 👉🏾 assign the issue to yourself 
1. create a local branch with name: issue-number (without hash) + "-" + issue-title (e.g. 8-setup-mono-repo)
1. 👨🏾 👩🏾 ✍🏾 💻 
1. ⬆️ commit + push 
1. in [pull-requests](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/pulls): create pull-request for current changes (from your branch to master) (there should be a button)
1. 🕙 wait for at least 2 other contributors to review your code and for the automated pipeline to finish
1. 🥗 merge your pull-request
1. 😃 be happy to be a part of this project
```

See [Roadmap](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/projects/1)

## How to contribute 

### For externals

TBD 🤔 

### For official team members

Always check for open [code-reviews](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+type%3Apr+review%3Arequired) and do them if available before you start with a new issue.

#### How to start with a new issue

1. choose an open issues from the [project boards Todo column](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/projects/1)
1. 👉🏾 assign the issue to yourself 

> 1. create a local branch with name: issue-number (without hash) + "-" + issue-title (e.g. 8-setup-mono-repo)

Reviewer 2: That's not needed anymore
```suggestion
1. At the moment you assign the issue, a local branch with an auto-generated title will be created for you.
```

> 1. 👨🏾 👩🏾 ✍🏾 💻 

Reviewer 2: Thats not clear enough.
```suggestion
1. 👨🏾 👩🏾 ✍🏾 💻 ☕  (start coding)
```

1. ⬆️ commit + push 

> 1. in [pull-requests](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/pulls): create pull-request for current changes (from your branch to master) (there should be a button)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. create a new pull-request
  1. go to [pull-requests](https://github.com/project-leek/project-leek/pulls)
  1. there should be a button to create a pull-request for your changes (from your branch to master)
  1. add a description to you pull-request starting with `closes #<number-of-your-issue>` exp: `closes #1234`  
```
